Fix links in development guide (#2770)
openservicemesh/osm: docs/content/docs/dev_guide/_index.md

Welcome to the Open Service Mesh development guide!
Thank you for joining us on a journey to build an SMI-native lightweight service mesh. The first of our [core principles](https://github.com/openservicemesh/osm#core-principles) is to create a system, which is "simple to understand and contribute to." We hope that you would find the source code easy to understand. If not - we invite you to help us fulfill this principle. There is no PR too small!

> To understand _what_ Open Service Mesh does - take it for a spin and kick the tires. Install it on your Kubernetes cluster by following [this guide](../install/).

Reviewer: I believe this used to point to the manual demo guide earlier: https://github.com/openservicemesh/osm/blob/main/docs/content/docs/install/manual_demo/_index.md
```suggestion
To understand _what_ Open Service Mesh does - take it for a spin and kick the tires. Install it on your Kubernetes cluster by following [this guide](./install/manual_demo/_index.md).
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure the relative link in my comment is correct, you may have to verify that it points to the above absolute link

Author: Hey @SanyaKochhar I think linking to main `/install` page seems better, in same page there is link to manual guide if needed.

Reviewer: Hmm I agree that the sentence sounds like it should point to an install guide. The issue is that pointing to a directory instead of a markdown file is not going to render correctly on the [docs site](https://docs.openservicemesh.io/docs/dev_guide/). 

Maybe it would make sense to instead reword the sentence so it directs folks more clearly? Something like:
```suggestion
To understand _what_ Open Service Mesh does - take it for a spin and kick the tires with [this manual demo guide](../install/manual_demo/_index.md).
```
This manual demo guide itself points users/developers to the install guide, so I think that would be a good flow to flow to follow to figure out what OSM does. What do you think?

> To get a deeper understanding of how OSM functions - take a look at the detailed [software design](../design_concepts/).

Reviewer: Similar to above, pointing to a dir will break on the docs site
```suggestion
To get a deeper understanding of how OSM functions - take a look at the detailed [software design](../design_concepts/index.md).
```
(sorry about this, we will make sure to document these docs site specific rules!)

Author: I believe `_index.md` is optional. Quick local test with `hugo serve` worked ok.

Reviewer: Thanks, I'll follow up on this so we can update the repo readme for docs guidance
